add proxy settings hints (#25)
fiskaltrust/rollout-doc: middleware/README.md

`.\CheckFirewall.ps1 .\FirewallTests-SwissbitCloud.csv | Out-File -FilePath C:\test\fw-script\output.txt -Width 1600`

### Using a Proxy

> If errors occur when connecting fiskaltrust.Middleware to the outside world, it is possible that your proxy may be blocking the connection. When using a proxy, the proxy settings must be provided via the [parameter](https://docs.fiskaltrust.cloud/docs/poscreators/middleware-doc/general/installation) `-proxy` to the launcher before installing the fiskaltrust service (edit files `install-service.cmd` and `test.cmd` within the launcher directory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If errors occur when connecting fiskaltrust.Middleware to the outside world, it is possible that the network does not allow direct connections and requires the use of proxy. When using a proxy, the proxy settings must be provided via the [parameter](https://docs.fiskaltrust.cloud/docs/poscreators/middleware-doc/general/installation) `-proxy` to the launcher before installing the fiskaltrust service (edit files `install-service.cmd` and `test.cmd` within the launcher directory)
```

Reviewer: Unbestimmten Artikel vergessen 😊
